DOCS-1837: Update tipsy to use registry mlmodel (#2540)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/tipsy.md

## Configure your services

> This tutorial uses a pre-trained Machine Learning model from the Viam Registry called [`effdet0`](https://app.viam.com/ml-model/bill/effdet0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses a pre-trained machine learning (ML) model from the Viam registry named [`effdet0`](https://app.viam.com/ml-model/bill/effdet0).
```

> The model can detect a variety of things which you can see in <file>[labels.txt](https://github.com/viam-labs/devrel-demos/raw/main/Light%20up%20bot/labels.txt)</file> file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model can detect a variety of objects, which you can find in the provided <file>[labels.txt](https://github.com/viam-labs/devrel-demos/raw/main/Light%20up%20bot/labels.txt)</file> file.
```

1. **Configure the ML model service**

>    The [ML model service](/ml/) allows you to deploy a machine learning model to your robot.

Reviewer: No-op: Leaving `robot` because `machine learning model to machine` and because later UI element **Deploy model on robot**

   ![mlmodel service panel with empty sections for Model Path, and Optional Settings such as Label Path and Number of threads.](/tutorials/tipsy/app-service-ml-before.png)

   Select the **Deploy model on robot** for the **Deployment** field.

>    Then select the `bill:effdet0` model from the **Models** dropdown.

Reviewer: No-op: Future concern: who is Bill, why am I being billed for use of this model, I only trust Viam namespace models per last sentence of [this section](https://docs.viam.com/registry/#naming-your-model-namespacerepo-namename) for my production healthcare heart replacement robot, etc.

Author: Yeah I thought that too we should probably flag that
